today our focus
stylish and unusual version is
familiar to all users yet
accessory as a mouse rap 6
differ in laconic forms and
minimalistic design
the surface of the mouse visually resembles
glass and the shape of a smooth sea stone
as many raff products given
the device is wireless because nothing is
breaks design intent flat
the form adds usability
mouse with both desktop computers so
from portable
work 6 due to its slimness and
easy to slip video format height in
the widest part is a little thicker
fingers
This model works in standard for
wireless peripherals range of 2 integers
four tenths gigahertz
connect the mouse is very easy to insert
nano receiver to usb port and move
the slider on the back of the mouse in
position included that work 6
connected to the computer will tell us
megane small green indicator
the device is fully operational
optical sensor resolution of thousands
children equipped with invisible infrared
backlit
the mouse works from one source
power format 2
sale comes complete with batteries
alkaline which should be enough for three
months of work thanks to symmetric
Form 6 work can be easily customized for
full use not only under
right
but also under the left arm side surfaces
the mouse is made of matte plastic on
which does not leave fingerprints
all controls are focused on
top absolutely smooth surface
solid touch surface
work 6 successfully imitates the work right
and the left buttons as evidenced
easy counting and pressing but function
middle button missing
The main chip work 6 multitouch
surface at first glance can
seem useful and so familiar
scroll wheel
missing but not sure of course ski
support the scrolling function so
can safely scroll up and down
only the finger will feel not the wheel but all that
same perfectly flat surface and all that
absolutely silently given function
works by default even if not
put reed drivers
although all the main mouse commands are familiar
performs well without installation
drivers for many users they
would be quite helpful to make a mouse
more suitable for individual
need including to sharpen
tool path use the left hand
fresh software always
can be downloaded from the manufacturer’s website
left and right keys all movements
virtual wheel and fingers
horizontal gestures can be reassigned
just get eight teams well
for mouse with one button
after installation, the wires become
four moves available
moving left and right and double
move left
The device is compatible with all
microsoft operating systems for
bye since windows xp
but it is especially suitable for users
windows 8 non-touchscreen
brine T6 is available in two classic
tones
completely black and silvery white
stylish multi-touch surface design
the ability to customize the keys for themselves
The main advantages of the mouse work 6
ability to be your decoration
desktop